// we will write a code and the computer will do the testing for us

What are variables?
    - when we have to make a computer to do something for us, we have to provide them with instructions and data
    - to store this data we need something that can help us store and retrieve that information when we need it.
    - VARIABLES help us store this data.
8 basic (primitive or oldest) types of variables:
1) byte
2) short
3) int
4) long
5) float
6) double
7) char
8) boolean

Data types to store simple numbers:
Whenever we have whole numbers (the numbers without the decimal parts) for example, 10, 50, 666, 829393 - we use
the below data types:

a) byte (-128 to 127); b) short (-32768 to 32767); c) int (-2147483648 to 2147483647); d) long

We use 4 different types of data because it depends on the size of the number.
We use byte and short only when we want to save memory - this was true when memory was very expensive.
    - byte and short are used on things that do not have a lot of memory.

However, as a tested we will be using "int" data type to store whole numbers.

Data type to store floating point Number/decimal numbers:
    - whenever we have to store floating numbers like 10.6, 2.3, -5.6, 0.0001 and etc. we use the below data types:

    1) float 2) double

    99% of the time double is used.

Note:
    All the primitive data types start with a lower case letter. (byte, short, int, long, float, double, char, boolean)
    String is a advanced data type that's why it start with a capital letter.

Data Type - is a mechanism that helps computers to store specific type of information and also helps it to perform
calculation on that information.
Variables - are just boxes/containers that are in your computers memory where the data is stored.

Error message "Java reached end of point while parsing" - means the issue is with the "{ - }" curly brackets.

Data type to store characters:
    - char is the data type that we use to store the single characters like:
     'a','Z','-','1','@' etc. (we can store emojis too)
Data types to store True or False:
    - boolean is used data type to store true/false is java.
    For example: Is it raining=false
                 Are you hungry=true
Data types to store words:
    We can use the "String" datat type store multiple characters together. For example:
    "USA","New York", "i am startving and I mean it","2312323232455","*&^$%$", and single characters "A or "3".
    String is a non-premitive datat type. In other words, it is an advanced data type. Since it is a
    non-primitive data type that's why the first letter is always in the uppercase.
Note:
    1) All the primitive datat type start with lowercase letter like byte, short, int,
    long, float, double, char, and boolena.
    2) In Java, we follow two conventions to name class nad variables class:
        First letter of all words is in uppercase:
        Example; BooleanDemo and VaribleDemo
     variables:
     First letter of the first word is lower case but for the rest of the words we use the uppercase letter
     for the first word.
     - isItRaining
     - myAge
     - areYouHungry

Rules about Variables:
    1) We can't have a variable with the same name twice in a Java class or method. (Refer to the VariableDemo)
    2) Java is caseSensitive, which means fir java, age and AGE are two totally different things.
    3) We can update of a variable as many times as we want. (Refer to VariableDemo3 class.)
    4) If we want to print multiple variable values in a single line then we can use String concatenation
     (refer to StringConcatenationDemo)
    5) We can't access a variable before declaring it.
    6) We can't ask to print the value of something if we don't initialize it.



